# Coinversation Protocol

## Project Overview

### Overview
Coinversation Protocol is a synthetic asset issuance protocol and decentralised contract trading exchange based on the Polkadot contract chain. It uses the token CTO issued by Coinversation Protocol and Polkadot(DOT) as collateral, and synthesizes any cryptocurrencies or stocks, bonds, gold and any other off-chain assets through smart contracts and oracles. Users can forge a certain synthetic asset by collateralizing CTO or DOT, such as U.S. dollars, and automatically have a long position in the asset. Users can also convert minted assets into other assets through the trading platform, so as to realize the purpose of shorting the asset and longing other assets. The assets minted by all the users correspond to the liabilities of the entire system, and the proportion of each user's liabilities has been determined at the time of forging, so that their respective profits can be calculated. Because such a collateral pool model does not require a counterparty, it perfectly solves the problems of liquidity and transaction depth in decentralised exchange(DEX).
  
### Project Details 
The main functional modules of the entire system include: forging synthetic assets(MintC), DEX, collateral pools, fee pools, oracles, and liquidity mining.

#### Forging Synthetic Assets(MintC)

The synthetic assets issued by the entire system are all produced by users staking certain collateral. The initial collateral includes CTO and DOT, and the collateralization ratio is 800% and 500% respectively. In the future, the collateral and collateralization ratio can be adjusted through community governance. When users stake collaterals and forge synthetic assets, corresponding debts are generated. When the user wants to unlock the collateral, he must repay the debt, that is, destroy the previously generated synthetic assets.

#### cUSD

At present, it is stipulated that the assets synthesized by direct staking of collateral are the stablecoin cUSD. That is, after users stake the CTO or DOT, the directly generated synthetic asset is cUSD, while other synthetic assets need to be converted by the user through contract trading in DEX. The price of cUSD is always defined as $1 throughout the system. All cUSD generated by all users is the total liability of the entire system, priced in cUSD.

Through contract trading, cUSD can be converted into any synthetic assets supported by the system, such as cBTC, cETH, and even cAAPL, cXAU linked to traditional assets such as stocks and gold, and supports long or short. The types of synthetic assets can be added by community governance. It should be noted that if the user simply holds cUSD after minting, it is equivalent to automatically shorting all other assets in the system.

#### DEX

It is an exchange that provides conversion of different synthetic assets and contract trading. Due to the design characteristics of CP, this DEX does not require a counterparty, and there is no issue of transaction depth. 

#### Collateral Pool

The collateral pool is the sum of synthetic assets generated by all users, and is priced in cUSD. According to the amounts of synthetic assets generated by each user, the debt pool also records the proportion of each user's debt. Whenever a new synthetic asset is generated, the debt ratio of the system must be recalculated. 

#### Fee Pool

Users trading or converting synthetic assets on the DEX will incur transaction fees. The fee ratio is tentatively set at 0.3%, and these fees all enter the fee pool. The fee is collected in cUSD, and all the fees are distributed to users in proportion to the debt. The system stipulates that only users whose collateral is the CTO can receive rewards, as an incentive for CTO holders. Because the CTO price fluctuates, it is stipulated that only users who meet the collateralization ratio are eligible to receive rewards.

#### Oracle

Since the price of contract trading needs to be read from outside sources, the oracle is a very critical part of this project. In the initial stage, the system will use the centralized oracles provided by the project team, and in the future, it will introduce more secure decentralized oracles.

#### Liquidity Mining

Liquidity mining is the module of issuing CTO tokens. Users can lock CTO or DOT here to get the rewards of CTO. The proportion of rewards obtained by CTO and DOT is different. It also stipulates that users who lock their tokens for liquidity mining must also put a corresponding proportion of CTO or DOT in the collateral pool to mint synthetic assets, to provide more liquidity for the entire system. 

### Ecosystem Fit 
No.

## Team

### Team members
Qiuye, team leader, PhD in Economics, major in Macroeconomics including currency, finance and exchange rates. Mainly focuses on cryptocurrency and is committed to exploring the fundamental changes that cryptocurrency brings to traditional economic theories.

### Team Website	
http://coinversation.cn

### Team's experience
Founded by a US PhD team, the core members are from first-tier technology companies such as Alibaba, ANT Group, Google. More than 70% of the team members have a Master degree or a PhD degree, and many of them have more than ten years of development experience and are early developers of Ethereum.

### Team Code Repos
https://github.com/Coinversation

## Development Roadmap

### Milestone 1 — the minting center for minting and destroying cUSD — 3 month — $8,000

* Determine the type of the first batch of synthetic assets.
* Determine the data source of synthetic assets, establish a whitelist mechanism, and realize data collection.
* Complete the oracle function.
* Realize the functions of staking DOT and CTO, forging synthetic assets, including cUSD, cBTC, cETH, cAAPL, cXAU, etc.
                                                               | 
### Milestone 2 — a decentralized exchange for trading synthetic assets — 3 month — $8,000

* Realize the collateral pool function: When a user newly generates or destroys cUSD, the debt ratio is re-determined, and the user's profit is calculated based on the change in asset prices.
* Realize the function of fee pool: transaction fees are included in the fee pool to complete the benefit distribution of CTO users.
* Realization of decentralized contract exchange v1.0 version:
1. Realize the trading function on the Web end, allowing users to freely trade various synthetic assets.
2. It is convenient for users to stake CTO or DOT to mint cUSD and destroy cUSD.
3. Allow users to view the debt ratio, total system debt, balance of personal synthetic assets, rewards income, etc.

## Future Plans
There is still a lot of space for growth in the future, including:

At present, the type of synthetic assets of the project is determined by the project team or community governance. In the future, it is planned to upgrade so that different investors can independently sign any type of contract on this system.

At present, the stablecoin cUSD or other synthetic assets produced by the project are limited to the system. When there are standardized tokens similar to Ethereum ERC-20 on the Polkadot in the future, all synthetic assets of this project can be circulated outside the system in the form of standardized tokens, and even enter other exchanges. Among them, cUSD can become an important stable currency in the Polkadot ecology.

## Additional Information
* Whitepaper: https://github.com/Coinversation/white-paper
